[Music]
were you born in the period from the mid
1990s to the mid 2000s Congrats you
belong to the mysterious Generation Z
you most likely started to use the
internet play with gadgets and post on
social media went still in a crib good
for you but let's have a look at what
makes you so unique and different from
other generations the snapchat
generation ijen home Landers the rainbow
generation and even the realists these
are all nicknames for Generation Z this
generations purchasing power reaches a
whopping forty four billion dollars per
year and many brands would give anything
to figure out gen Sears let's see if we
can do it better than the marketing
experts first of all it seems that this
new generation has already gained the
reputation of the rational ones oh don't
look so doubtful see for yourself just a
couple of years ago who occasional and
technical schools were far from a
graduates first choice most young people
wanted to go to colleges and
universities to get those advanced
degrees that promised success in life
doesn't that sound cool and inspiring
well yeah at least until you start
thinking about a looming student debt
that can't wait to be paid off add into
the equation job market issues and the
future doesn't look all that bright
anymore that's where gen Sears got it
right they prefer to hone the skills
that will later translate directly into
their jobs
however revolutionary it may sound more
and more young people are choosing trade
schools over college it helps them kill
two birds with one stone on the one hand
they get the professional skills that
will help them find a job right after
finishing vocational school they'll also
avoid the skyrocketing student debt
crisis as you can see young people
nowadays prefer stable paychecks to the
hypothetical prestige of particular
professions isn't that the most
practical thing you've ever heard but
being practical isn't the only feature
that distinguishes Generation Z from
other mortals here
are several other facts proving that
modern teenagers might be more powerful
and influential than their parents if
you're a gens ear
chances are you make way smarter use of
your social media than the rest of the
world
you probably don't post anything that
can discredit you later in life
preferring snapchat and anonymous
posting sites what's more you have a
habit of deleting your posts every now
and that you might not be someone who
enjoys wasting money Jenn's ears are
known for their sensible approach to
finances with 57% of young people saving
money rather than spending it most
representatives of Generation Z have
serious financial goals from paying for
their education to buying a car or even
their own house
your aim Native influencer and you use
the Internet to reach your aims you
belong to the generation that has tons
of sharing apps from YouTube to
Instagram and snapchat most Jen Sears
say they can't imagine their life
without the internet and to these
popular platforms they also admit that
they might trust social media stars a
little bit too much on the bright side
if you belong to Generation Z you have a
seemingly inborn ability to become an
influencer yourself by the way
generations he watches 35% less TV in
comparison to previous generations and
that's not all they also spend 22% less
time reading blogs on the Internet one
more thing about being a Jen's ear you
don't fall for a product ad unless it's
done with the use of technology and
tells a story in a creative way
oh and brands need to get you interested
within the first eight seconds of a
product presentation since it's the best
your attention span can do
all in all generation Z is a digital
generation you may say that that's
yesterday's news but wait till you hear
this
Jen's ears don't like being separated
from their gadgets even for short
periods of time
you're a true representative of this
generation if you spend at least eleven
hours a day on your social media and
read
at the weakness of a body that demands
sleep approximately 80% of Gen Z
experience intense emotional distress if
their electronic devices are taken away
from them and 90% would be crushed if
their internet connection disappeared
for an indefinite period of time
they say that technology makes them feel
powerful and give them a chance to
believe that everything is possible but
wait that's not all to get a job gen
Sears enthusiastically used social media
and think that the times of traditional
resumes are long gone about 59% of
modern teens and young people don't have
anything against using Instagram when
searching for employment at the same
time only 21% of older generations
consider this an option the same goes
for tumblr with 17% against 3% and
snapchat with 56% compared to nine
percent on top of that more than half of
Gen Sears purchased not only clothes but
also books and electronics online while
this piece may sound a bit controversial
Gen Z is surprisingly eager to
communicate face-to-face more than 53%
of them choose video calls via Skype or
FaceTime over emails and instant
messages here's some more good news for
you as a gens ear you're really fast and
efficient with information you know how
to scan the internet pages where the
data you need if you don't find what
you're looking for you instantly move to
another resource which can make anybody
from an older generation envious also
kids today are doing better in school
thanks to the internet they integrated
into their social lives and study
naturally and effortlessly gen seers are
also professional multitaskers no wonder
since they multitask non-stop and it has
long become their lifestyle and don't
say you've never fiddled with an online
gadget while watching TV Generation Z is
also the most independent generation
modern teens don't have as much direct
I'll parental supervision as children
did in the past nowadays there are more
single-parent families and families
where both parents work and that's why
many kids attend daycare and to learn to
be independent
this independence may be the reason why
more than 70% of Jen's ears dream of
opening their own business even after
finishing college most of them want to
be an entrepreneur rather than an
employee 76% of teenagers and young
people hope that their hobby will one
day turn into a full-time job a lot of
Gen Z your state that they want their
job to have some influence on the world
but wait what about generation Z values
well if you're one of this influential
group you're likely concerned about the
human impact on the environment you
might be willing to become a volunteer
to gain work experience or be of use to
our planet gen seers are also more
realistic than previous generations they
are particularly eager to take risks
when it comes to job opportunities
preferring security and stability in
their finances to a different extent
almost 60 percent of modern teenagers
are worried about their future which
generation do you belong to sound off in
the comments below remember to give this
video a like share it with your gen Z
friends and hit the subscription button
they say that it instantly moves you to
the bright side of life
you